GH-3763: Add `handleReactive()` for Java DSL (#8605)
spring-projects/spring-integration: src/reference/asciidoc/reactive-streams.adoc

One of the out-of-the-box `ReactiveMessageHandler` implementation is a `ReactiveMongoDbStoringMessageHandler` for Outbound Channel Adapter.
See <<./mongodb.adoc#mongodb-reactive-channel-adapters,MongoDB Reactive Channel Adapters>> for more information.

> Starting with version 6.1, the `IntegrationFlowDefinition` expose a convenient `handleReactive(ReactiveMessageHandler)` terminal operator.
> Any `ReactiveMessageHandler` implementation (even just plain lambda with `Mono` API) can be used for this operator.
> The framework subscribes to the returned `Mono<Void>` automatically.
> Here is a simple sample of possible configuration for this operator:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with version 6.1, the `IntegrationFlowDefinition` exposes a convenient `handleReactive(ReactiveMessageHandler)` terminal operator.
Any `ReactiveMessageHandler` implementation (even just a plain lambda using the `Mono` API) can be used for this operator.
The framework subscribes to the returned `Mono<Void>` automatically.
Here is a simple sample of possible configuration for this operator:
```

====
[source, java]
----
@Bean
public IntegrationFlow wireTapFlow1() {
    return IntegrationFlow.from("tappedChannel1")
            .wireTap("tapChannel", wt -> wt.selector(m -> m.getPayload().equals("foo")))
            .handleReactive((message) -> Mono.just(message).log().then());
}
----
====

An overloaded version of this operator accepts a `Consumer<GenericEndpointSpec<ReactiveMessageHandlerAdapter>>` to customize a consumer endpoint around the provided `ReactiveMessageHandler`.

> In addition, a `ReactiveMessageHandlerSpec`-based variants also provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, a `ReactiveMessageHandlerSpec`-based variants are also provided.
```
